Pierce Forte (phf7)

I chose to refactor the code by focusing on the issues that were the most widespread; for example, there were many magic values throughout the code (over 30), so I addressed these first. This refactoring was really important because it made our code more understandable, for now all values have a name that explains where they came from/what they do. Further, with this greater clarity, refactoring the code further will be easier because there is less potential confuson.

Next,  I focused on refactoring our longest method, which handled user input from the keyboard. This effort was particularly difficult because the idea of taking different inputs and then handling them based on the specific input offered many potential implementations, including the if tree we had previously. Because this if tree was lengthy, I decided to implement a map from KeyCode to Runnable, and then I worked on writing the code such that the map is asked to retreive the runnable associated with the user's input and execute it. This design choice offers the functionality that if the action on a key press needs to vary at different stages in the game, using a map like this would make adding the functionality rather simple; we would just need a method to update the map.

An alternative I considered here was doing something similar to what Professor Duvall did in lecture monday with the different types of bets; instead of having a deep if tree, he created a new subclass for each Bet. This, however, seemed rather difficult and a little unnecessary; I would still need an if statement to determine which subclass to create an instance of, and each of the classes would only have one method (what to do when that key is pressed).
